Update pi_hole.markdown for API V6 (#39459)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/pi_hole.markdown

| Item | Description | Example |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- |
| `Host` | The IP or domain name to Pi-Hole. | 192.168.1.1 |
| `Port` | Port used to get to the admin page, typically `80` for `http` connections and `443` for `https` connections. | 80 |
| `Name` | Name to for this Pi-Hole. | Pi-Hole |
| `Location` | the path to the admin page. In the version 6 API this will be ignored. | /admin |

> | `API Key or App Password` | This can be found in your Pi-hole's Settings -> API (expert mode). | `585a2fe...` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `API Key or App Password` | This can be found in your Pi-hole's **Settings** > **API (expert mode)**. | `585a2fe...` |
```

| `Uses an SSL certificate` | Whether your Pi-hole has an Certificate, typically true for `https` connections and false for `http`. | {% icon "openmoji:check-mark" %} |
| `Verify SSL certificate` | Whether to use verify your Pi-hole's certificate, ignored in Pi-hole API version 5. | {% icon "openmoji:check-mark" %} |

The combined host, port and location should take you to the login page of Pi-Hole. Using the example above, it would be `http://192.168.1.1:80/admin`.

> Your App Password can be found by logging into your Pi-Hole and going to _Settings > Web Interface/API_ and then switching from `Basic` to `Expert` mode then clicking **Configure app password** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find your App Password, log into your Pi-Hole and go to **Settings** > **Web Interface/API**. Switch from **Basic** to **Expert** mode, then select **Configure app password**.
```
